Chapter one. Destruction of barriers. Look at your palm. Feel the softness of her skin. Imagine the bones and veins
inside. Bend your fingers and think about how clever this part of you that you usually take for granted can be. Can you
imagine your hand breaking a brick into pieces? And a stack of concrete blocks? Or do you think that neither you
nor anyone else is capable of this? I assure you, it is possible. Maybe you've heard of other incredible, almost
supernatural phenomena: how did a mother lift a car with her bare hands to free her son from under it? How did two
teenage girls push a three-thousand-pound tractor off their father, saving his
life? Or did you see a real miracle with your own eyes – a thin blade of grass sprouted through a thick layer of cement?
Are such feats and such strength possible? They become possible when we summon our inner strength, concentrating it at
one point, like a laser beam – bringing together our body, mind and spirit. Can you find such power in your daily life?
Sure. I wrote this book to show you how it's done. I am a great martial artist, and I teach people to destroy not only
bricks, but also stronger obstacles on the way to happiness and pleasure. You probably think I'm going to teach you to
fight and show aggression. Not at all. Look carefully at how a blade of grass pierces cement or a tree sprouts through
solid rock. It's the cement and the rock that cracked. The tree and the blade of grass were not "aggressors", but they
remained true to their life purpose. Real warriors. The art I teach is based on the following principle: draw your inner
strength and be true to yourself. This art is called chunsuwon. A strange word for your ears translates as "a way to
unite body, mind and spirit in complete harmony." How often does our mind wander, we think: "We need to do this and that"
and do not concentrate on the task facing us at this second? How often do we reflect on the past or worry about the
future instead of admiring the beauty of the moment that is right now in front of our eyes? When the mind is distracted
by fuss or anxiety, our energy is scattered in many different directions.These interferences steal energy from us. This
happens again and again, and we become weak, ineffective, even paralyzed. Moreover, in such a situation we cannot be
honest with ourselves.
Free yourself from the limitations in your mind
Although the art of chunsuwon involves physical training, it is not just a martial art. It covers much more than rigid
sparring techniques, where it is strictly defined where the leg and fist should move. This is not a sport. Chunsuwon is
a set of principles and practices that help develop the whole being: body, mind and spirit. His mental and spiritual
aspects are inseparable from his physical form.
I'll show you an example. In the practice of martial arts, it is useless to kick and kick if you do not concentrate and
do not direct the force to a certain goal. In other words, physical strength is as important as mental strength. No
physical force in the world will help you if your mind is shackled by fear. As students train, they find the shortcomings
 that hinder them, learn to remove restrictions, and unleash the power given to them from birth. Developing perseverance,
  confidence, and strength through martial arts practice, students apply the same qualities to challenges in their daily
   lives. They are learning to free themselves from what holds their dreams and their future hostage.
The same principles can work for you. You have to learn how to overcome fear and weakness inside before defeating external
 obstacles and enemies. You have to fight for your freedom.
Thus, the purpose of the art of chunsuwon is to provide practical tools that will help you free yourself from limiting,
harmful states of mind.
This will require training, but you will succeed. You will see the word workout many times in this book. After all,
Olympic athletes don't win gold in one day. They're training. A writer doesn't become great right away. Great writers hone
 their skills every day. You can't become a good leader overnight. You need to practice leadership skills, learn to make
  the right decisions and inspire those with whom you work to achieve their goals.
It is very important to train the mind. Let's go back to the example of a martial artist breaking concrete blocks with
his hand. Do you remember the first time you saw this? Perhaps you gasped, could not believe your eyes, because a human
hand is much softer and thinner than a concrete block. Right. But the fighter's hand is guided by thought. Thought also
guides you in everyday affairs. Isn't it the thought that moves you in every direction and to every goal in life?
You are already training your mind and thoughts and directing your energy. The only difference between you and a martial
 artist is what and how you focus on. Let's say you stopped on the way to enjoy the spectacle of a magnificent sunset,
 mesmerized by the beauty of nature. You focused on this moment. Or you are preparing for a sports competition, learning
  to play a musical instrument, doing yoga, leaning on studying. And again you concentrate – you perform purposeful
  actions and successfully complete the tasks. In this book, I will show you the principles and techniques of directing
  thoughts that will allow you to use your inner strength to transform your life and overcome real obstacles on the way.
   You will see these words more than once: the first step to gaining control over your life is to learn to control your
    thoughts.
Here is another example of how incredibly powerful and transformative a moment can be when your whole being is focused
and in harmony. Do you remember your first kiss? How gentle and strong he was! You've lost the ground, haven't you? You
thought your heart was going to fly out of your chest… We remember the first kiss for the rest of our lives. We remember
 where we were and whose lips touched ours. Why? At that moment, we completely dissolved into a new delightful experience.
  Our body, mind and spirit merged together. The kiss was the only event in the universe at that moment, and we focused
  all our attention on it.
This is what the practice of chunsuwon is like – the art of combining body, mind and spirit in complete harmony. I want
to help you fall in love with your life. I want to teach you to enjoy every breath and direct all your strength to what
you want to achieve, experience and embody in your life.
You are more than your surroundings
In order for you to better understand what I teach and why, I would like to tell you about the key events in my life. A
hard-won experience has led me to wisdom, which I now want to share with you. My life may seem harder to you than yours
or just different from it, but my story is your story too. We all face difficulties, pressures, or obstacles that prevent
 us from becoming the strongest, most authentic version of ourselves. People and events affect you positively or negatively,
  but you don't even suspect how much strength you have to resist it.
Life has taught me that the way to overcome difficulties is more important than the obstacles themselves or the environment
 in which I grew up.
Firstly, we are all the fruits of the environment. Children growing up in a family of musicians tend to become musicians
 too. If you live in a village and everyone around you loves to fish, then you yourself are likely to become a first-class
  fisherman. A child born in China to Chinese parents and moved to the United States shortly after birth will look like
  a Chinese, but will speak and behave like an American, because he grew up in such an environment.

Of course, the influence of the environment can be good or bad, and often both. If you live in a family of alcoholics or
 you are surrounded by people who are afraid of everything new, you can adopt the same habits or traits. However, this
 does not mean that this is your fate. There are no hopeless situations. I am very sad to meet people who are sure that
 they cannot overcome the influence of their environment. They grew up thinking, "This is all I can achieve in my life."
I have to say: the way you have lived up to this point is not "everything". This is not the end of the story. With the
right tools, you can get rid of the limitations in your thoughts and find a new identity – yourself. That's why I want
to tell you my story briefly. In order to create the life I wanted and find my identity and purpose, I had to overcome
the prejudices of my family and the culture that did not allow me to do what I loved.
First you need to imagine what it was like to live in my native country in 1946. I was born in a small village in South
Korea, where about three hundred people lived. We were surrounded by mountains and rivers. There was no electricity or
telephones. South Korea at that time was a small country mired in strict traditions that had not changed for five
thousand years.
According to one of the many traditions, a boy should be born first in the family. This is how families measured their
success. If a girl was born first, it was a disaster. If a boy was born, a rope covered with hot chili peppers was hung
on the front door. If it was a girl, embers were hung on the door. As you can see, boys were accepted into the world
quite differently from girls. Being a girl was already considered a disadvantage. Some people even drowned first-born
girls to avoid shame.
